[Music]
where the London boat shows on board the
new at jeno 54 which is about the offers
an incredible amount of space both below
deck and also in the cockpit the cockpit
also has the big central folding table
that you'd expect twin wheels and a
well-executed bathing platform area this
is a vote that you can really customize
the interior layouts holes to suit
exactly what you want but other options
are like on this spoke for the show
where you've got this fantastic big
galle art of the saloon all the options
shared this comfortable saloon and
dining area on the starboard side of the
boat but then you can choose whether to
have further feasting on the port side
or have the galley there to create space
for an extra cabin at the back
[Music]
you